Update downloadcmd section (#30)
nimh-dsst/abcd-fasttrack2bids: docs/prepare.md

 keyring-path=/tmp/work
```

After the contents of `keyringrc.cfg` have been properly edited, run these commands (replacing `<username>` with your actual NDA username) to see if your password for nda-tools is up to date. Be aware that this will display your password in the terminal:

```shell
cd
git clone https://github.com/nimh-dsst/abcd-fasttrack2bids.git
cd ~/abcd-fasttrack2bids
poetry install
poetry run python -c 'import keyring ; keyring.get_password("nda-tools", "<username>")'
```

If the correct password is not returned, then run the following to fix the NDA credentials issue (replacing `<username>` with your actual NDA username and `<password>` with your actual NDA password):

```shell
cd ~/abcd-fasttrack2bids
poetry run python -c 'keyring.set_password("nda-tools", "<username>", "<password>")'
```

> If you are encountering the following error upon running this command 'ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'keyrings'', then it is likely that your versions of 'keyring' and 'keyring.alt' are out of date. Make sure that the 'keyring' and 'keyrings.alt' versions respectively are '23.13.1' and '3.1' or greater.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are encountering the following error upon running this command, then it is likely that your versions of 'keyring' and 'keyring.alt' are out of date. Make sure you have installed python poetry from the README.md installation instructions and that the 'keyring' and 'keyrings.alt' versions respectively are '23.13.1' and '3.1' or greater.

`ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'keyrings'`
```

Reviewer: How's that?

 keyring-path=/tmp/work
```

After the contents of `keyringrc.cfg` have been properly edited, run these commands (replacing `<username>` with your actual NDA username) to see if your password for nda-tools is up to date. Be aware that this will display your password in the terminal:

```shell
cd
git clone https://github.com/nimh-dsst/abcd-fasttrack2bids.git
cd ~/abcd-fasttrack2bids
poetry install

> poetry run python -c 'import keyring ; keyring.get_password("nda-tools", "<username>")'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
poetry run python -c 'import keyring ; print(keyring.get_password("nda-tools", "<username>"))'
```

poetry run python -c 'keyring.set_password("nda-tools", "<username>", "<password>")'
```

> If you are encountering the following error upon running this command, then it is likely that your versions of 'keyring' and 'keyring.alt' are out of date. Make sure you have installed python poetry from the README.md installation instructions and that the 'keyring' and 'keyrings.alt' versions respectively are '23.13.1' and '3.1' or greater.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are encountering the following error upon running this command, then it is likely that your versions of `keyring` and `keyring.alt` are out of date. Make sure you have installed python poetry from the README.md installation instructions and that the `keyring` and `keyrings.alt` versions respectively are `23.13.1` and `3.1` or greater.
```
